yo yo yo what's up guys welcome back and
apparently the street fighter vibe beta
would never ever work so we're going to
jump online with some tremor the one and
only earthbender the one only metallic
bender the 1i only God who fights
without lotion but is yet still a ninja
let's get into it whoa we finally got a
first match debtors G this is one of
those guys who just stay in the lobby
waiting for me to decline it because he
don't want to decline it there you go
there you go finally right let's try
this again all right we got Caesar salad
12 looks like he use a molina it don't
matter earthbender takes it all I
control the floor I wonder if you guys
actually uses our ability is really
really good at my opinion especially
when you enhance it you basically could
start a combo off but it's really good
for faking out people and especially
when you jump in the air now stand it up
waiting in a blocker overhead boo boom
hitter with the low easy I mean wasting
so much fucking time trying to wait for
the beta attacks to work getting in the
same message saying I've been
disconnected from the service whoosh
take home guys game on can I get the
brutality he leave but but why would you
leave due to do this dude is so fun I
don't know if you guys have the urge
just to play this character just for Who
years even though he may not be the top
tier character are not fun many people
but he reminds me to talk from avatar
last and better and that was just just
just an amazing show else I was probably
one of my favorite shows i watched when
i was growing up and i love it now on a
lump saying growing up as if it didn't
come out like five years ago but that
shit is nice in fact that i don't really
watch the lesson of coral makes that
death show just just much better just
just much more awesome i don't know fact
that you can actually bend element it's
just amazing you just just think about
it dude if i was a blood bender I would
just manipulate the world to its maximum
it just be so crazy think about it if if
I'm in class right and I'm the teacher
giving me Homer I'd you might make him
walk out of class and we just have no
Merc like should it just get get
complicated follow just a waterbender
earthbender Airbender anything about you
could've been one thing just said it is
bullshit ass paper like I guess I'm a
paper vendor some bullish I don't want
to bend paper I've been
I want to do some crazy shit just be the
shit we got beasts mole here I don't
really get to see a score I don't know
how to play a subzero if he if I don't
know if you pick Grandmaster I guess I'm
gonna just have to zone on the inner
Russian but other than that that's all i
see i can sue oh I was an accident but
it worked let's go he messed my power
boy I'm a bender out here and I work
whoops close it in guys this game to it
a civil to keep this win streak going
that is so crucial win wins be time to
fucking earthbender in lk x and that's
what you get to big ass cliffs just
pushed oh my god alright guys we got an
Autobot here she got accepted will he
accept it alright got a challenger let's
go and if you use our mech I'm fucking
scared to trim under pressure just whoop
get rekt and then turn under pressure
not got a good plus me when i get under
pressure i did you get fucking
demolished that's not good you got
shinnok the last Sherlock I play I got
fucking demolished should not shorter
game too strong she's not got a weird
ass shaved head it's like oval squares
and then they from the back that should
just cave in his neck so he look like a
frog
if you guys know where tremors from I
heard that he's from the old own k exes
but I never really played the old one so
I wouldn't know oh shit damn what the
fuck're not demolish I think he's
lagging as well try not to get hit by a
teleport knuckle more that she has so
much of an advantage psych oh let's go
no more that shit ah got it got it fuck
that's so cruel dude chembur the fucking
beast they do need some lotion oh you do
need some lotion I that's so fucking bad
you